A system which takes video frames from video camera and process these frames on IoTEdge devices and send them
to Azure Cognitive Service to get the audio output. The system consists of the following assets:
- Azure Blob Storage which has a HTTP entry Point and uses a connection string
- Azure Monitor which has a HTTP end point and uses a connection string
- Azure Cognitive Service which has a HTTP end point and uses a connection string
- M1 an IoTEdge Module with an HTTP end point and uses public access LAN
- M2 an IoTEdge Module with an HTTP end point and uses public access LAN
- M3 an IoTEdge Module with an HTTP end point and uses public access LAN
- IoTEdgeMetricsCollector an IoTEdge Module with a HTTP end point and uses public access LAN
- Application Insights which has an HTPP end point and uses a connection string

The client's Browser makes requests to M1. The Browser and M1 device are on the 
same network, so Browser directly hits the webapp URL.
M1 interacts with other two IoTEdge modules M2 and M3 to render live stream from video device and display
order scanning results via WebSockets.
The IoTEdge Modules interact with Azure Cognitive service to get the translated text via OCR and audio stream
via Text to Speech Service.
IoTEdge modules send telemetry information to Application Insights.
IoTEdge device is deployed with IoTEdge runtime which interacts with IoTEdge hub for deployments.
IoTEdge module also sends some data to Azure storage which is required for debugging purpose.
Cognitive service, Application Insights and Azure Storage are authenticated using connection strings which are
stored in GutHub secrets and deployed using CI/CD pipelines.

The system has one IoT Edge Device that contains four processes: M1, M2, M3 and EdgeRuntime.
The system has one Azure instance with three processes: Azure IoT Hub, Azure Cognitive Service and
Azure Application Insights, and one data store: Azure Storage.
The IoT Edge Device and Azure each represent a separate trust boundary.
The system has two external entities: Browser and USB Video Camera

M1 to M2 and M2 to M3 are connected with WebSockets.
The IoT Edge Device sends telemetry information to the Azure Application Insights process
M1 exchanges requests and responses with the Browser.
M2 uploads feedback frames to the Azure Storage.
M3 receives the camera feed from the USB Video Camera.
M3 exchanges requests and responses with the Azure Cognitive Service, and the request contains OCR and Text-to-Speech information.
EdgeRuntime sends IoTEdge Module updates to Azure IoT Hub.

We assume that secrets like ACR credentials are stored in GitHub secrets store which are deployed to IoTEdge Device
by Ci/CD pipelines. However CI/CD pipelines are considered out of scope.
